hello everybody and welcome to new
series of white plain good first episode
we're going to be jar sauce well dark
souls is basically a game that came to
love a person worthy
we're like ridiculously hard on some
players though it is an unforgiving game
I do not leave that it's it's actually
all that difficult it it's just a matter
of getting patterns down understanding
mechanics understanding why you made
certain mistakes so in this video I
would like to give you my reasons for
why dark souls is an amazing game to
play because some people dislike the
fact that it doesn't have more in it it
doesn't tell you directly what the story
is and some people dislike the fact that
it's a slow-paced RPG which kills you at
about every corner of the game well
first off the first playthrough that
you're going to do if you do a blind run
like I did my first playthrough it's
going to be relentless and beyond
comparison of how hard it can be the
first bastard you faced The Asylum Demon
is a pretty intimidating boss to face
though not the hardest this once you get
certain tricks down once you get to know
how to gain worse understand its
mechanics it turns into a pretty
interesting game it makes you wonder if
there are certain other ways to face
bosses like for example ornstein +
smough or small is an amazing
boss right that really test your skills
at understanding how mechanics work and
understanding what enemies do and it
makes you feel so incredibly good after
you beat them for the first time after
about 15 to 25 tensile shear wreckage
that you get in in your face by a giant
hammer will buy small and a very direct
lightning spear rule advice ornstein and
you get to learn yourself do you get to
learn to know yourself as a player you
face a challenge that is seemingly
impossible to beat at first but while
you try to better you get it if also a
party that would like to address is to
lure narcissism in any soon game
actually the lure is not directly given
to you you can talk to NPCs you can look
at item description to all that but most
of the lore is speculation and this is
where Dark Souls shines at its brightest
there are hundreds and I mean literally
hundreds of videos on YouTube just
speculate by creating theories about the
Dark Souls road and how everything is
related to each other and what's more to
love in a role-playing game where you
play your character and you basically
get to create your own story interpreted
the way you
onto it and that's my reason to play
dark souls create your own story create
your own rope explore freely it's an
amazing game to play it's an amazing
game to try out on pc xbox playstation
free whatever you please it's an amazing
game to try out and itch it just holds
so much hidden from us that we are not
certain yet there are so many
speculations going around in regards to
the story and there are several
incredible world record runs to to watch
and learn from so yeah that's that's the
reason why you should play dark souls 2
it's an amazing challenging action RPG
and it gives you a game that lasts for a
long time and not just F I mean not just
40 hour run but more like 120 hours at
least to get everything done so i hope
you enjoyed this video and i will be
doing more of these and i will see you
guys next time my name is ben guilt and
I